- Please see section three from the following link, for more details regarding how the graph is build: https://inside-docupedia.bosch.com/confluence/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=4478492170
- 'targetFeature' is used to filter the Design Requirements (this has been requested by the customer). The format is usually 'FEAT_<<Target_Module_Name>>'
- 'targetTestModulePrefix' is used to filter the tests that correspond to the target module. The format is usually '<<Target_Module_Name>>-DR-NATS-'
- 'targetSafetyAnalysisModulePrefix' is used to filter the Safety Analysis items that correspond to the target module. The format is usually '<<Target_Module_Name>>-DR-SA-'
- 'buildGraph()' reads a huge XML export (over 2 millions lines), and creates the graph based on the outlinks extracted from the XML. Even though we only have the outlinks in the XML, we build our graph bidirectionally (when we create the outlink from a to b, we also create an inlink relation from b to a).
- We use regex to find all modules, and then we iterate through them. For each module, we apply regex again to obtain the corresponding objects. An object can be any entity inside that module, such as: Design Requirement, Function Contribution, Review Module of the design requirement, Review Module of the function contribution, Test, Safety Analysis, and so on. Each object becomes a node in the graph. For each node, we store all the attributes. We then create the inlink and outlink relations mentioned above, which represents the edges of the graph.
- 'checkSafetyAnalysis()' checks whether all the values from the EA Blackbox corresponding to the target DOORS Module are being referenced at least once. Each element from the EA Blackbox has to be referenced at least once in any (not every) of the filtered Safety Analysis items. The function also checks that all the Review Modules linked to the Safety Analysis items are closed.
- 'checkTests()' ensures that: 1 - all tests marked as part of a target module are actually linked to an item that corresponds to the target module, 2 - the review modules of those tests are closed, 3 - marks the tests as being part of the target module so that it can later be used to confirm that each design requirement has at least once reference to a test that is part of the target module.
- 'checkASIL()' validates the ASIL rule defined by the customer. That is: the sum of the ASIL values of the elements that a function contribution links to, must be less than the ASIL value of the function contribution. This is the second time they asked us to change the formula. I think there is a high chance that this is still not what they need, but they confirmed to me that they want to have it implemented like this for the PoC.
- In 'computeDataRequiredForReports()' and 'buildReport()', we do the additional checks: 1- Edit State of each target Design Requirement must be Released. 2 - Edit State of Function Contributions linked to target Design Requirements must be Released. 3- Review State of Review Modules linked to target Design Requirements must be Closed. 4 - Review State of Review Modules linked to the Function Contributions from point two must be Closed. 5 - Design Requirements must reference at least one Server value from their corresponding Blackbox from EA, otherwise they must respect point six. 6 - Design Requirements must reference at least one Receiver or Sender value from their corresponding Blackbox from EA, otherwise they must respect point five.